### Meeting started on:             Thu Feb 29 10:20:44 AM CET 2024
### Meeting ended on:               Thu Feb 29 11:00:58 AM CET 2024
### Participants:                   Emilia, Ms. Zhao
### Agenda:                         C4 diagrams
### Setting:                        TQ5-2
---
1. I joined my team members' table at around 9:20 and sat quietly
2. I tried to finish up my C4 diagrams before Ms. Zhao would arrive
3. Ms. Zhao arrived swiftly and began talking with us
	a. We informed her of our group project progress
	b. We told her that the event storming session was not that productive
	   for our group project; but it was still useful for our individuals.
	c. Ms. Zhao went one-by-one for a quick feedback session
4. After quickly checking up on everyone, we sat down together for one of
   our required longer weekly sessions.
5. I first began by telling her how I wanted to show her I had taken to heart
   some of the things she had told me last time
	a. I did that by showing her a working version of my C2 diagram
	b. What was note-worthy about that is that it now contains a relay
	   in-mind.
	c. Then I went into a C3 diagram of my relay application, to show her
	   the intricasies of it; she said it is not that important
	d. Finally I also showed her a C3 diagram of my server applications to
	   give her a better idea of my architecture
6. I then also shared with her what else I had been working on, namely that I
   had begun working on my project plan and user stories
7. She told me that the project plan is a deliverable at the end of sprint 1
   (week 5), but I insisted I wanted to begin working on it now, so as to give a
   better idea to my supervisors of my project.
8. For next time we agreed that I would work on and later together we would
   discuss the following things:
	a. C1 diagram to aid my other C2 and C3 diagrams
	b. Project Plan
	c. User Stories
9. We then talked a little more about distribution:
	a. She told me that my plan was a little too complex and optimistic
	b. She told me that distributed data really mostly means that if a
	   single service falls down, the rest do not suffer consequences.
	c. Based on that I agreed to maybe put the TCP relay plans on the
	   back-burner by first focusing on the server code.
10. Finally she also mentioned that it is important for me to include the
    following non-functional requirements in my project plan:
	a. latency & delay
	b. maximum clients connected at once
	c. cluster size
11. Ms. Zhao opened a feedpulse point for me and we ended our conversation
12. Fin.
