### Meeting started on:             Wed Feb 21 10:00:00 AM CET 2024
### Meeting ended on:               Wed Feb 21 13:00:00 AM CET 2024
### Participants:                   Emilia, Marcle, Erik, Alexandra
### Agenda:                         Pitch approval "McEarl"; Group Project Hackathon
### Setting:                        TQ5-2
---
1. I sat down next to Erik and we began trying to work on the group project.
2. Because of problems with git-lfs we could not make much progress.
	a. in Sprint 0 the previous group added it to to git-lfs
	b. On Oct 11 2023 the file, together with its .gitattributes
	   description, was removed from git with the comment
	   "Temporarily ignore LFS DipGen image".
	c. We resurrected those files, but upon trying to fetch with git-lfs,
	   we received a 404. Upon checking with the repository's
	   "Usage Quotas" in gitlab, we found that the LFS storage was at 0 B,
	   implying the file was gone.
3. Alexandra and Marcel joined.
5. We discussed with Mr. Boelaars our hindrances with getting started with the
   group project due to the missing file.
	a. He advised us to contact ASML and so we did.
	b. He made sure we can still access the code and told us to at least
	   begin looking at it as he doesn't want us to be idle.
	c. I also showed him documentation we found from the previous group,
	   detailing where and how we might start improving the algorithms.
6. I then asked Marcel if we could have a conversation about my individual
   project proposal pitch. He agreed and we began, following `pitch.sent`.
	a. Marcel noted that in the language of the C4 model, what the teacher
	   will be looking at now most is the C2 level: the Container layer.
	b. When I began talking about the technology I had picked to use for my
	   project—Erlang/OTP—Marcel stepped in to comment that they do not want
	   to constrict us with technologies, so I shouldn't justify my choice.
	c. I wanted emphasize that as I believe the technology will greatly aid
	   me in achieving the learning outcomes.
	d. Scalable Architecture and Distributed Data should come out of the box
	   due to the tree-like actor model enforced by OTP. Mr. Boelaars
	   however, mention that monitoring is an important part of this. I
	   should be able to show how when more users connect to my server, the
	   load gets redistributed and how the whole system scales.
	e. For the Development and Operations learning outcome, Marcel
	   underlined the DevOps requirements by Fontys. Namely, the CI/CD
	   pipeline, Docker containers, and Kubernetes clusters. He stressed
	   that those are scheduled for the latter half ot the semester, but
	   that they should still be taken into account. He also made sure
	   Erlang has Kubernetes support, before giving his approval.
	f. As for Cloud Native I was a little hesitant as my program will be a
	   simple program, that of course can be deployed on the cloud, but
	   doesn't provide any fancy microservice architecture. Marcle reassured
	   me that as long as it can be put on the cloud, without hampering the
	   scalability and distribution of the server, things should be fine.
	g. For Security by Design I was also a little afraid, as it doesn't seem
	   like my program will handle as much sensitive data, as for example
	   Twitter clone might. Mr. Boelaars spent the most amount of time on
	   this point. He said that avoiding handling sensitive data is also
	   "security by design", but that I need to document it at large. He
	   also explained that security isn't just about server-client
	   interactions but also developer-server, developer-deployment,
	   server-server and so on. All of those things combined should provide
	   enough area for Marcel to test me on.
	h. Distributed Data, I am relatively confident should be easy to
	   accomplish, as OTP forces one to write distributable code by design.
	   It also provides Mnesia which is a distributed database, so the data
	   part should be handled.
7. Marcel also stressed prioritisation of activities. He said it's best for
   students to first create and MVP, then pick individual small features to
   build up, so as to showcase the proficient implementation of the Learning
   Outcomes. That means a full project might not necessarily see the light of
   day, and it is not even a necessity.
8. As a first "working" version of my project involves and already implemented
   Minecraft Classic protocol, that means the MVP might not be so small, but
   Marcel noted that I should try and cut some corners so as to focus on the
   Learning Outcomes.
9. Erik and Alexandra next discussed their pitches with Marcel.
10. Marcel left and went to the next group.
11. Alexandra, Erik and I continued working on our individual work.
12. Fin.
