### Meeting started on:             Wed Mar 13 01:01:10 PM CET 2024
### Meeting ended on:               Wed Mar 13 03:44:31 PM CET 2024
### Participants:                   A whole lot of people
### Agenda:                         Context Based Research
### Setting:                        TQ5-2 Tribune
### Speaker:                        Tom Langhorst
Context Based Research:
===
1. From "Bob the Builder" to "Problem Solving Superhero"
2. "Methodical answering of questions leading to knowledge that can be used
    for the realization of professional products." — Andriessen, 2014
3. We do not do knowledge for knowledge['s sake]
4. internal(transferability rigor) external(relevance valorization)
5. Rigor:
	a. DOT Framework refresher
	b. Design Research Process
		- Regulative Cycle
		- Design -> Realization -> Evaluation -> Analysis
	c. Design Challenge Tool
6. Layers of DOT
	a. Domains
		- Application Context, Available Work, Innovation Space
		- Where does information come from?
	b. Information Needs
	c. Strategies (intentions)
		- Work shop: Improve your solution
		- Field: know your user
		- Lab: Measuring is knowing
		- Showroom: Show your value (compliance)
		- Library: On the shoulders of giants
	d. Methods
		- ictresearchmethods.nl & cmdmethods.nl
		- The parrot is your pal (schizophrenia)
		- chain methods
	e. Research Design Patterns
7. Research Cycle:
	- Input -> info/data collection -> info/data analysis -> output
	- One method per subquestions
8. Never use "I" or "We" in the main research question
9. Design Challenge Tool:
	a. "[...] one-sentence problem statement." — Newman
	b. Design a \<form of solution\> to enable \<users\> in \<context\> to
	   \<perform activity\> in/with \<target performance\>.
		- form of solution:
			* cross-platform mobile app built
			  with the Flutter framework.
			* A software application that [...]
		- userS:
			* Children 10–12 that have problems with calculations
			* Employees with an electric company car
			* Citizens that wnat [to] explore options to make
			  their city environment more green
		- context: ???
		- perform activity:
			* Create Account
			* Create view on nearest e-loading point [...]
		- target performance:
			* Non-functionals
			* Business or social value
10. More tips:
	a. Using library methods be aware of simply copy-pasting information
	b. Validation by applying and evaluating the source.
	c. Use question articulation
	d. Don't research the obvious
	d. Two dimensional chart: complexity, exploration f(x:N) = 1/x
11. Forty minute break

Graduation Preparation
===
1. If one is to graduate next semester, then they ought to have been
   invited to the "Graduation Fall 2024" Canvas course.
2. Authentic, Complex, Challenge
3. "Professional Duties" is the most important Learning Outcomes
4. Portfolio is the leading way to display proficiency
5. In some cases a student might also write a thesis.
	a. In that case the research has to really be an integral part
	b. Mostly done by students looking to follow a Master's
6. Define one's profile and acquire a project in the preparation semester
7. The project has to be approved by the coordinator and the assessor by week 17
8. Choose a bubble from the IT domain map
9. During negotiations with companies, make sure to highlight the matches
10. If they don't respond to an email, call them: displays personal leadership
11. The company needs to approve that one can show one's work to the jury, even
    if there is an NDA in place that has been signed
12. Fontys have a special contract relation with ASML and ProDrive
13. Indicate to fontys if one wants to a Master's so that an assessor with a
    PhD might be selected for the thesis evaluation.
14. Fin.
