### Meeting started on:             Thu Feb 22 08:50:00 AM CET 2024
### Meeting ended on:               Thu Feb 22 10:11:13 AM CET 2024
### Participants:                   Emilia, Erik, Alexandra, Kaloyan, Ms. Zhao, Victor
### Agenda:                         Hackathon; First meeting with Ms. Zhao
### Setting:                        TQ5-2
---
1. I arrived at TQ5 a bit before 9 and sat down together with Erik and Alexandra.
2. Kaloyan joined soon as well and then Ms. Zhao sat on our table.
3. We began discussing our group project with her.
	a. We informed us of what we had done so far
	b. We informed her of the missing file that had hindered our development
	c. We then showed her our presentation as a conclusion to the hackathon
	d. She was happy with our progress thus far and told us to keep the work
4. She then explained to us that usually she likes to go to each group first and
   discuss group project progress and then later at around 10 a.m. she likes
   going to each person individually to discuss the individual projects.
5. After that though, we picked up discussion about our individual projects
6. Erik was first by discussing his Discord clone idea.
7. Then was my turn
	a. I gave pretty much the same presentation as the day before
	b. It was modified however, based on Marcel's comments
	c. The teacher was interested, but unlike Marcel, she stressed the
	   importance of microservices in the architecture.
	d. I tried to explain it to her that spawning new VMs is very
	   cost-inefficient, and that spawning individual actors is faster;
	   however she was unmoved. This should be discussed further.
	e. She also stressed the importance of research. She said to look at
	   benchmarks of different technologies before beginning work, which I
	   had already included in my presentation pitch.
	f. The most important part for me was a question of hers regarding
	   resource mapping, and load-balancing. I hadn't thought much about
	   load-balancing so far and this is something I must stress going
	   further. I am certainly going to think about it and include it in my
	   project plan going forward.
	e. Speaking of, she also mentioned that next we should be looking into
	   making a project plan with functional & non-functional requirements,
	   user stories, and so on.
	f. Given that some of us already had a checkpoint from yesterday, she
	   told us for now to just submit our feedback in the comments, but to
	   also ask Nicole later for as to how we should handle this.
8. Next were the rest of my team members (Kaloyan -> Alexandra -> Victor)
9. From their presentations and questions I learnt that a frontend is not that
   important to the grade and that something very simple is enough.
10. Ms. Zhao left the table and we continued our work on setting up our group
    project development environment.
11. Fin.
