### Meeting started on:             Mon Mar 25 11:24:58 AM CET 2024
### Meeting ended on:               
### Participants:                   Erik, Alexandra, Victor, Kaloyan, Emilia
### Tutors:                         Ms Zhao, Mr Boelaars
### Meeting Leader(s):              Erik, Emilia
### Minutes Keeper(s):              Alexandra, Emilia
### Agenda:                         Regular weekly meeting
### Setting:                        TQ5-2

1. We were already sat on our table quite early this morning
2. We got to work on our individual responsibilities
3. We wondered whether our teachers will visit us today in time
4. Qin and Marcel arraived a little after 11 and we began with our meeting
5. They first inquired about our group project progress thus far
6. Erik and Emilia responded:
    a. We had subdived our group tasks and we were mostly working individually
    b. We had agreed to finish our parts in the test plan by Saturday
    c. We were successful in that and Alexandra had sent the document on canvas
    d. Now we were all steadily working on code-based tasks
    e. We had begun doing standups and we were keeping notes from them
7. The teachers were happy with our progress, most importantly because we were
   not stuck for now, and we moved onto our individual talks
8. We went in order: Erik, Emilia, Alexandra, Victor, Kaloyan
9. From Erik's meeting we also got:
    a. This sprint we can focus our implementation time on quality
    b. "What happens if one service gets dragged down?"
    c. Security should also become priority now
10. From Emilia's meeting we also got:
    a. Containerisation, orchestration, &c. are nice but are not really needed
       until the yellow phase of the semester
    b. Test plans are not really expected but are welcomed, especially if they
       include performance testing sections
    c. In E2E tests and during the CD part of one's pipeline the teachers want
       to see how different services and nodes play together
11. From Alexandra's meeting we also got:
    a. Teachers usually try to go to the most complete groups first in the
       morning for checkup talks
    b. However, if a student is in real ned, they can always come by to talk
12. From Victor's and Kaloyan's talk we also got:
    a. Subquestions shouldn't be very broad
    b. Teachers don't want to steer us into a direction, unless we would like to
    c. Focus on design first and then implement
13. Our meetings came to an end and we wished our teachers a nice day
14. Fin.

