### Meeting started on:             Wed Apr  3 09:22:54 AM CEST 2024
### Meeting ended on:               Wed Apr  3 10:53:02 AM CEST 2024
### Participants:                   Erik, Alexandra, Emilia, Kaloyan, Victor
### Agenda:                         Weekly check-up meeting
### Setting:                        TQ5-2
### Tutor:                          Marcel Boelaars

1. I came to school and sat down roughly around 09:00 exactly
2. Erik and Alexandra were already there and they greeted me
3. We had a short chat about our upcoming sprint delivery
4. Our tutor, Marcel Boelaars, arrived at around 09:20 to our table
5. We began with our individual meetings, since we were not yet whole
6. First went alexandra; from the feedback she got, I took a note of:
    * Unit testing is not that improtant, although TDD is advised
    * Rather testing stuff across multiple services is welcomed
    * We're progressing into a stage where code quality is very important
7. Erik then interjected asking how might we be able to do integration across
   different services.
8. Marcel responded with "maven" (for e.g. Java); I mentioned git submodules too
9. Then went Victor and he received roughly the same feedback, except Marcel
   also mentioned docker as part of the pipeline as well
10. Then came my turn and I updated him on my progress thus far, namely:
    * I had completed my OTP structure and the supervision tree was ready
    * I showed him the processes in action
    * I showed him the progress I had on my Technical Architecture Design doc
    * I showed him my successful test cases so far
    * I also told him I had added code quality checks to my pipeline, but
      because of some issues they were causing it to fail. I showed him how I
      had already began fixing one of those problems.
11. Marcel then responded in turn with the following:
    * It's nice that I have vertical scaling now, but he's looking for
      horizontal scaling (i.e. multiple nodes)
    * I answered that I was looking into researching kubernetes, especially
      following the "Adopting Erlang" book, which could help me achieve that
    * He also mentioned that benchmark testing would be quite important to prove
      the actual scalability of my structure
12. Erik went next and from that I noted:
    * Keep source private for now; maybe open source later (security)
    * Depending on one's requirements picking a database based on its read vs
      write time capabilities is important to look into
13. Kaloyan went last and from that we mostly got information about redis and
    how that could improve our realtime performance (without writing to storage)
14. With that we ended our meetings and we rushed to the meeting room to have
    our group sprint delivery
15. Fin.
