Meeting started on:             Thu Apr 18 10:30:56 AM CEST 2024
Meeting ended on:               Thu Apr 18 11:16:47 AM CEST 2024
Participants:                   Emilia, Ms. Zhao
Agenda:                         Weekly checkup meeting
Setting:                        Fontys TQ5-2

1. I sat on our team table alone, as most of my teammates were not in today.
2. I continued working on my clustering efforts for my individual project.
3. Alexandra came by and told me and Ms. Qin had been here earlier, but since I
   was late I had missed her.
4. I send Ms. Qin an email and she told me she would meet me soon at 11:00.
5. She arrived and briefed me on the fact that she and Marcel had split up their
   portfolio review work based on groups and that Marcel would be reviewing my
   group's portfolios.
6. I showed her my dockerised environment and that it did work.
7. Meanwhile I also showed her the logging I had implemented.
8. Then I logged into the server with two clients to show her that my functional
   requirements were all completed and that the server functioned as required.
9. Then I told her that for this sprint programming-wise I'd be focusing on
   orchestration and showed her the services, libraries and tutorials I'd be
   following to achieve that. (libcluster, k8s, pogo; all on hex.pm)
10. I also apologised for not being able to finish my research report and that
    I'd be working on that documentation wise this sprint.
11. She advised me on the following things:
    a. Upload screenshots for proof (for example of the pipeline)
    b. Upload videos of proof (for example the succesful completion of FRs)
    c. If I don't get a sufficient grading on my portfolio this sprint, that is
       not the end of the world; I need to upload more proof of my work.
12. She also told me that us missing on Wednesday, due to our appointment with
    ASML, is not the end of the world and that learning kubernetes through
    online tutorials is still fine and encouraged.
13. She told me she'd contact Marcel about our meeting today.
14. I felt happy I had met a tutor this week, even though I was sick and thanked
    her for her time, attention and advice.
15. Fin.
